key-migration: compare DB with on-chain (#2297)
frequency-chain/frequency: tools/eth-migration/README.md

### Select token keys which are also control keys
`jq -c 'select(.msaId != 0)' tokens-keys.txt`

> ## Get the difference between on-chain control keys and Custodial Wallet
> 1.  fill in the CW DB connection string and other details
> 2. `npm run cw-compare`

Reviewer: I think we should swap this to be "db" instead of "cw" as (correctly so) that's all it is actually doing.

```suggestion
## Get the difference between on-chain control keys and a database
1.  fill in the DB connection string and other details
2. `npm run db-compare`
```
